Ans1. No, and humans do not have natural immunity against the virus because it is novel.
Ans2. Do not stop taking any prescription medications unless instructed by your medical provider.If you have a cough, fever and difficulty breathing, it is important to seek medical care early.  Remember to contact your health facility by telephone first. Most patients recover with supportive care.
Ans3. Because COVID-19 comes with cold and flu-like symptoms, Vitamins B, C and D, as well as zinc may be helpful in boosting your immune system and fighting the illness in the same way they can help you get over a cold or flu.
Ans4. Despite what you may have heard, most experts aren't recommending sanitizing grocery packages or foods. Fruits and vegetables should be washed with just water. Soap and other cleaning chemicals are dangerous to ingest, and even in small amounts can make you feel sick. If wiping down the outside of packages (think, a box of cereal or milk jug) makes you feel better, it won't hurt you, but it's also probably not necessary.
Ans5. It should be safe, but Restaurants and their employees should be practicing good hygiene habits (washing hands, asking employees to stay home when sick, and cleaning and disinfecting more than ever). Choose no-contact payment and delivery or pickup when possible so you can continue to practice safe social distancing.
Ans6. There's no known evidence of transmission through food. it is possible that those droplets could land on a surface, like food, and be spread to someone else who touches that surface and touches their face.
Ans7. If your oxygen saturation is fine and you have no symptoms other than fever, all you need is Paracetamol. There is some data that inhaling Budesonide helps you recover faster, but no hard endpoints like reduced mortality. There is no evidence to suggest that anything helps - including Favipiravir/Ivermectin. Don't waste your time desperately trying to procure them
Ans8. Some of the best foods for increasing the immunity are: Redbell peppers, Broccoli, Garlic, Ginger, Spinach, Citrus fruits, Turmeric, Papaya, Kiwi, Sweet Potatoes, Sellfish, Oily Fish, Poultry, Sunflower Seeds, and many more.
Ans9. Proper nutrition and hydration are vital. People who eat a well-balanced diet tend to be healthier with stronger immune systems and lower risk of chronic illnesses and infectious diseases. So you should eat a variety of fresh and unprocessed foods every day to get the vitamins, minerals, dietary fibre, protein and antioxidants your body needs. Drink enough water.