Ans1. People who have been in close contact with someone who has COVID-19 are not required to quarantine if they have been fully vaccinated against the disease and show no symptoms. People who have not being fully vaccinated should remain in self quarantine for a specified period of time(mostly 2 weeks).
Ans2. Look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19. If someone is showing any of these signs, seek emergency medical care immediately : Trouble breathing, Persistent pain or pressure in the chest, New confusion, Inability to wake or stay awake, Pale, gray, or blue-colored skin, lips, or nail beds, depending on skin tone. This is not the complete list of scenarios you should seek help in, if any symptom that appears severe to you contact healthcare professionals immediately.
Ans3. Yes. At-home testing and collection allow you to collect a specimen at home and either send it to a testing facility or preform the test at home. You and your healthcare provider might consider either an at-home collection kit or an at-home test if you have signs and symptoms of COVID-19 or if you can’t get testing at a local healthcare facility.
Ans4. According to a World Health Organisation training manual on pulse oximetry, if the oxygen saturation is 94% or lower, the patient needs to be treated quickly. A saturation of less than 90% is a clinical emergency.
Ans5. Monoclonal antibody therapies may reduce the risk of severe disease in high risk out patients. However availability is limited, and they require parental administration operationally complicated. In united states, monoclonal antibody therapies targeting SARS-Cov-2 are available for the treatment of non-hospitalized adults (≥18 years of age) and children (≥12 years of age weighing at least 40 kg) with mild to moderate COVID-19 and specific risk factors for severe disease. Additional conditions may place an individual at high risk progression to svere COVID-19, and the use of monoclonal antibody therapy is not strictly limited to those with the risk factors listed in the table. For patients with early symptomatic COVID-19 and risk factors to severe illness, we suggest treatment with monoclonal antibody therapy based upon reductions in hospitalizations and morality. The choice among options depends on local availability. Treatment must be given ASAP within 7 to 10 days of symptoms.
Ans6. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has issued recommendations on discontinuation of home isolation. A non-test-based strategy is preferred for most patients. For more symptomatic immunocompetent patients cared for at home, isolation can usually be discotinued when the foloowing criteria are met: a) At least 10 days have passed since symptoms first appeared AND. b) At least one day (24 hours) has passed since resolution of fever without the use of fever-reducing medications AND. c) There is improvement in symptoms (eg, cough, shortness of breath). In some cases, patients may have had laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 but did not have any symptoms when they were tested. In such patients, home isolation can usually be discontinued using a time-based strategy (when at least 10 days have passed since the date of their first positive COVID-19 test) as long as there was no evidence of subsequent illness.
Ans7. Patients diagnosed with COVID-19 can have detectable SARS-CoV-2 RNA in upper respiratory tract specimens for weeks after the onset of symptoms. However, prolonged viral RNA detection does not necessarily indicate prolonged infectiousness. According to the CDC, isolation of infectious virus more than 10 days after illness onset is rare in patients whose symptoms have resolved.
Ans8. For most patients with COVID-19 who are managed at home, we advise the following: Supportive care with antipyretics/analgesics (eg, acetaminophien) and hydration, Close contact with their health care provider, Monitoring for clinical worsening, particularly the development of new or worsening dyspnea, which should prompt clinical evaluation and possible hospitalization-Separation from other household members, including pets (eg, staying in a separate room when possible and wearing a mask when in the same room). Frequent hand washing for all family members. Frequent disinfection of commonly touched surfaces.
because