Ans1. While one vaccine might have higher efficacy than the other one but experts recommend to take the vaccine be available to you at the earliest to reduce your chances of getting severely ill by the disease.
Ans2. Yes taking the vaccine is definitely worth it as it might not prevent a person from catching the virus but it drastically reduces the chances of a person dying.
Ans3. COVID-19 vaccines have been developed and produced in record time, but it’s also involved unprecedented levels of funding and global cooperation to tackle a global threat. So far, all approved COVID-19 vaccines have undergone large clinical trials with rigorous safety protocols, and without major safety concerns raised.
Ans4. As a general approach, we target a peripheral oxygen saturation between 90 and 96 percent using the lowest possible fraction of inspired oxygen. We also encourage patients to self-prone, when possible, based on data that suggest improved oxygenation and minimal downside to proning. For most patients, we use low-flow oxygen (eg, low-flow nasal cannula, simple face mask), which minimizes risk of viral aerosolization. Because exertional desaturation is common and can be profound, providing additional support with activity (eg, going to the bathroom) may be needed. For those with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure and higher oxygen needs than low-flow oxygen can provide, we suggest selective use of noninvasive measures rather than routinely proceeding directly to intubation. Among the noninvasive modalities, we prefer high-flow nasal cannula (HFNC) over non-invasive ventilation (NIV), unless there is separate indication for NIV. For patients who fail LTVV, prone ventilation is the preferred next step.
Ans5. Our approach to COVID-19-specific therapy in hospitalized patients depends on the presence of hypoxia (O2 saturation ≤94 percent on room air), need for oxygenation or ventilatory support, and the patients’ clinical and laboratory risk factors for severe disease. For patients who do not require oxygen and do not have clinical or laboratory risk factors for severe disease, care is primarily supportive, with close monitoring for disease progression.For hospitalized patients who require mechanical ventilation or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, we recommend low-dose dexamethasone. For those who are within 24 to 48 hours of admission to an ICU (and within 96 hours of hospitalization), we suggest adding tocilizumab. We suggest not routinely using remdesivir in this population. If dexamethasone is not available, other glucocorticoids at equivalent doses are reasonable alternatives.
Ans6. Yes, all hospitalized patients with COVID-19 should receive at least prophylactic-dose anticoagulation unless contraindicated. For thromboprophylaxis in inpatients, we suggest standard prophylactic dosing rather than higher intensity (intermediate- or full-dose) anticoagulation for most inpatients, including in the ICU. Individuals already receiving full-dose anticoagulation for another indication should continue it. Thromboprophylaxis is typically discontinued upon hospital discharge, with rare exceptions. We have a low threshold for evaluating for venous thromboembolism (VTE; including deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, or other sites). If VTE is documented or strongly suspected, full-dose anticoagulation is used for at least three months.
me